## Created by:
### Vaibhav Bommisetty, Liam Manatt, Ojas Vashishtha

# Writeup:

Our visualization aims to show decade-long crime statistics in San Diego's jurisdictions. Our visualization shows crime statistics from 2009 to 2021, with the size of each circle representing the crime rate within that jurisdiction and the color of the circle representing the proportion of violent crime within that jurisdiction. We decided to add interactivity by implementing a slider so viewers can change the year of the data they are viewing, and we added a tooltip so viewers can get more specific information on the jurisdiction that they are hovering over with their mouse. We considered not adding the percentage of violent crimes by changing the colors of the cirles; however, it would make the graph much too simple and the insights taken away from the graph would not be as impactful.

We chose to create a map of San Diego by using a .geojson file at first. This proved to be very difficult as finding a .geojson file that showed jurisidictions took most of our first day. After we found a .geojson file, we tried creating circles for crime statistics by locating the centroids of object. This also proved to be difficult as, for some reason that we still do not know the answer to, our code was not finding centroids. We then decided to use a .png file of a map of San Diego by saving an .svg file of the jurisdictions as a .png. Finding a map and data to work with was the most tedious aspect of our project, taking over 3 days. Work was split evenly among our group members, we did not split up the work and instead decided to work on the parts of the project together. In total, this visualization took each one of us ~20 hours, as we only worked on this together.
